Customize container registry and service account issuer via template and read provider specific helm values for coredns (#126)
giantswarm/cluster: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Chart: Add `providerIntegration.controlPlane.kubeadmConfig.clusterConfiguration.apiServer.serviceAccountIssuer.templateName` to be able set API Service Account Issuer via template.

> - Chart: Add `providerIntegration.apps.corends` to beable to add provider specific coredns helm values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chart: Add `providerIntegration.apps.corends` to be able to add provider specific coredns helm values.
```

> - Chart: Add `providerIntegration.apps.corends` to beable to add provider specific coredns helm values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chart: Add `providerIntegration.apps.coredns` to beable to add provider specific coredns helm values.
```
